Update teams-powershell-release-notes.md (#7053)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/teams-powershell-release-notes.md

| Date | Version | Updates |
|------- | -------------------- | ------------------------------ |

> | April 2021 | [2.2.0-preview](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/MicrosoftTeams/2.2.0-preview) | <li>Fixes for integrated windows authentication to use -AccountId with Connect-MicrosoftTeams</li><li>Added cmdlet to get details of total change Notification event that can be sent and user</li><li>Added cmdlet to get multi-geo region for users and groups</li><li>Handling of values passed to TeamsEnvironment name was case sensitive. This has been fixed.</li><li>Major refactor of remote session management within the module to facilitate unit tests. There should be no functional change for tenant admins.</li>|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| April 2021 | [2.2.0-preview](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/MicrosoftTeams/2.2.0-preview) | <li>Fixes for integrated Windows authentication to use -AccountId with Connect-MicrosoftTeams</li><li>Added cmdlet to get details of total change notification events that can be sent to users</li><li>Added cmdlet to get multi-geo region for users and groups</li><li>Handling of values passed to TeamsEnvironment name was case sensitive. This has been fixed.</li><li>Major refactor of remote session management within the module to facilitate unit tests. There should be no functional change for tenant admins.</li>|
```

Reviewer: Not sure of these suggestions - please confirm.
